[expo-notifications] Move bug fix description to master section. (#8212)
expo/expo: packages/expo-notifications/CHANGELOG.md

### 🐛 Bug fixes

- Added a macro check for `UNLocationNotificationTrigger` to make this module compatible with Mac Catalyst ([#8171](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8171) by [@robertying](https://github.com/robertying))

> - Adds bigTextStyle for Android notification rendering to allow notification to be expanded and text fully viewed ([#8140](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8140) by [@thorbenprimke](https://github.com/thorbenprimke))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed notification content text being truncated without the ability to expand the notification by adding [`BigTextStyle`](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/Notification.BigTextStyle) to all Android notifications, which allows them to be expanded and their content text fully viewed ([#8140](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/8140) by [@thorbenprimke](https://github.com/thorbenprimke))
```
